"Did you hear about the Midnight Rambler Everybody got to go Did you hear about the Midnight Rambler The one that shut the kitchen door
"I know that feel; so cold, so real When the blues come around at midnight.
"You called me after midnight, it must have been three years since we last spoke. I slowly tried to bring back, the image of your face from the memories so old.
"Have to be in by twelve o'clock (oh, that's a shame) But I'm wishin' and a-hopin, oh That just once those doors weren't locked (I like to save time for my baby to walk around)
"It's after midnight Are you feelin' alright, oh yeah
"Bringing midnight straight to my heart Yeah that's right!
"I'm a Midnight mover All night groover
"The clock struck midnight And through my sleeping I heard a tapping at my door I looked but nothing lay in the darkness And so I turned inside once more
"Midnight, it's raining outside he must be soaking wet
"It's getting late and I have to clear my head and just forget you, Oh but it's midnight and I miss you
"I cried, "Oh, Lady Midnight, I fear that you grow old, the stars eat your body and the wind makes you cold.
"It was twelve o'clock in the midnight hour I heard the door slam, and then the shower When I got up, you were already gone I slipped and fell, from the water you left on.
"Midnight to six man For the first time from jamaica Dillinger and leroy smart Delroy wilson, your cool operator
"Midnight lightning Flashing all around me
"Now at midnight all the agents And the superhuman crew Come out and round up everyone That knows more than they do
"THE clock struck midnight And through my sleeping I heard a tapping at my door I looked but nothing lay in the darkness And so I turned inside once more
"Sometimes I'm satisfied, sometimes I'm not Sometimes my face is cold, sometimes it's hot Sunset I laugh, sunrise I cry At midnight I'm in between and wondering why
"But after midnight morning will come And the day will see if you will get some
"she only drinks coffee and midnight when the moment is not right
"I go out walking After midnight, There in the moonlight, That's the place I want to be.
"Twelve o'clock, I gotta rock
 "But then I was illin' because the man had a beard And a bag full of goodies, 12 o'clock had neared
"Midnight, one more night without sleeping
 "We come from the land of the ice and snow from the midnight sun where the hot springs blow
"Independence Day, and all I remember was a Midnight rainbow that fell from the sky.
 "Midnight at the lost and found, lost souls in the hunting ground
"South city midnight lady I'm much obliged indeed
"Night in the city, o-o-oh, madness at mi-i-i-id-midnight, night in the city drivin' you insane.
"In the midnight hour, I can feel your power Just like a prayer, you know I'll take you there
"Midnight flood and meteor shower
 "Tell me where are you driving Midnight cruiser Where is your bounty Of fortune and fame I am another Gentlemen loser Drive me to Harlem Or somewhere the same
"He's leavin' On that midnight train to Georgia Said he's goin' back To a simpler place in time
"When that midnight hour went chiming, I was in my room alone
"Then at midnight he poured another drink And bent my ear After midnight we sat up half the night Or maybe more And he began to tell me what it was all for
"Well it's midnight and I'm not famous yet Tryin' to win it all with one more bet
"Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! A man after midnight.
"Crazy rooster crowin' midnight. Balls of lightning roll along. Old men sing about their dreams. Women laugh and children scream, And the band keeps playin' on.
"I took this girl out last night and we left around 12
 "She took the midnight train going anywhere
 "When it’s midnight on the meadow And the cats are in the shed And the river tells a story At the window by my bed
"You and me 'round about midnight You and me 'round about midnight Someone's got to draw first Draw first Someone's got to draw first blood
"Midnight, I'm drunk
"The midnight gang's assembled and picked a rendezvous for the night. They'll meet `neath that giant Exxon sign that brings this fair city light.
"In my midnight confessions When I tell all the world that I love you In my midnight confessions When I say all the things that I want to I love you
"And you're shining Like the brightest star A transmission On the midnight radio
"I'm gonna take her to a dance, do the belly Up and down, all night long I'm gonna dance to the midnight hour And baby that's no lie, oh no She's so fine, she's mine all mine And that's right
"It begins to tell, 'round midnight, midnight.
"Meet me at midnight, Mary, same place we always go Meet me at midnight, Mary, and don't let anyone know
"On a midnight voyage, One that has no ending; And it's sending me The things that I need.
"Midnight: she sing praises in the hall to saintly faces hallowed be thy names she can't recall
"I’m no schoolboy but I know what I like, You should have heard me just around midnight.
"He blew in town at midnight and he didn't mean to stay He found her just at closing time at the Alamo Cafe
"The clock on the wall strikes the midnight hour I'm feelin' dirty and sour
"Livin' after midnight, rockin to the dawn, Lovin' 'till the morning, then I'm gone, I'm gone.
"Midnight... Not a sound from the pavement
"and now it's midnight it's raining outside and i'm soaking wet, still looking for that man of mine and i ain't found him yet well all of this rain can wash away my tears but nothing can replace all of those wasted years
"Midnight at the oasis Send your camel to bed
"And I continue to burn the Midnight Lamp, alone
"If you'd like making love at midnight In the dunes on the Cape
"I try and I try but I can’t save a cent I’m up after midnight, cooking Trying to make my rent I’m rough but I’m pleasin’ I was raised on robbery
"You come to me at midnight and say, 'It's dark in here.'
 "And I’m down in the tube station at midnight The wine will be flat and the curry’s gone cold I’m down in the tube station at midnight Don’t want to go down in a tube station at midnight
"Somebody take me away Or give me a time machine To take me straight to midnight I'll be alright
"I know I won't go back to sleep now I'm in a mood Must be the midnight rain, the midnight rain
"In the midnight hour she cried- "more, more, more" With a rebel yell she cried- "more, more, more" In the midnight hour babe- "more, more, more" With a rebel yell- "more, more, more More, more, more.
"I´m gonna wait till the midnight hour That´s when my love comes tumbling down I´m gonna wait till the midnight hour When there´s no one else around
"Midnight, our sons and daughters Were cut down and taken from us Hear their heartbeat We hear their heartbeat
"Twelve o'clock, You climb your stairs You turn the key And no one's there No one's there It's cold in bed
"Well you know she comes around Just about midnight she makes me feel so good you know she makes me feel alright
"Hear that lonesome whippoorwill He sounds too blue to fly The midnight train is whining low I'm so lonesome I could cry
"religious temples praising the devil right to the devils club as it strikes midnight
"'Cause it's midnight in Montgomery Just hear that whippoorwill
"I'll be your chauffeur on a midnight drive It takes a miracle just to survive
"Our fate is sealed a world that headed for destruction As we approach the zero hour
"I'm the Midnight Man, I do all I can, To make sure that I am The Midnight Man.
"..struggling to seem a good sport on the midnight talkshow on NBC.
 "I thought it was you and your optimist's view of the clock And how it's always another day Just after twelve o'clock's struck
"Third boxcar, midnight train Destination...Bangor, Maine. Old worn out clothes and shoes, I don't pay no union dues
"I'm walkin' down the street I'm on that midnight beat
"Wilson Pickett said: - "In the midnight hour, that's When my love comes tumbling down"
"And of the midnight picnic Once upon a time Before the rain began...
"..Midnight howlin' at the moon
 "In the lonely, dead of midnight In the dimness, of the twilight By the streetlight, by the lamplight I'll be around
"Midnight, on the water I saw the ocean's daughter
"I'm holding very tight I'm riding in the midnight blue I'm finding I can fly so high above with you
"Midnight chillin' at A.M P.M. Coolin' drinkin' apple juice
"It's your one way ticket to midnight Call it Heavy Metal
"See them walking hand in hand across the bridge at midnight...
 "Well actually I've heard in New York they sometimes even stay up 'til midnight!
"She hears the beckoning call of night Neon fingers touching her with light And she runs to join the movers on the midnight carousel Calling "Faster" to a barker she knows all too well
"What's the time? Well it's gotta be close to midnight
"Midnight in the subway She's on her way home She tries hard not to run
"I called you after midnight Then ran until my heart burst I passed the howling woman And stood outside your door
"I was born one night about 12 o'clock I come into this world playin' a gold guitar.
"Trying to make it far enough, to the next time zone Few and Far between past the midnight hour Never feel alone, you're really not alone....
"It's close to midnight and something evils lurking in the dark Under the moonlight you see a sight that almost stops your heart
"Midnight I think I'm gonna make it Feel the magical lash of the roll and the crash in their lives
"After midnight, we're gonna let it all hang down. After midnight, we're gonna chug-a-lug and shout. We're gonna stimulate some action; We're gonna get some satisfaction. We're gonna find out what it is all about. After midnight, we're gonna let it all hang down.
"I never guessed that at midnight Tuesday I could have pizza ordered in.
"Midnight in Austin Texas It would be a shame to waste a Saturday night
"..And I'm awaiting on the 12:05 Hoping it'll take me Just a little farther down the line
"When Barney stopped me with his gun Ten minutes after midnight
"She calls me up at ten past midnight 'Cause she and some guy just had some big fight
"It's 12 past midnight, don't close your eyes Your soul's half alive, and I'll be by your side
"Insight, foresight, moresight, The clock on the wall is a quater past midnight
"Do you know, I heard a story that those Toastie Boys stayed up 'til quarter past twelve!
"I woke up in the darkness at 12:17, to shots and sirens
"it's in the way the moon smiles on the water twenty past midnight on a Tuesday
"Half past twelve And I'm watching the late show in my flat all alone How I hate to spend the evening on my own
"It's half-past twelve, and I'm on my own Puttin' on some music, turn the lights down low
"On the Reeperbahn at half past midnight whether you got a girl or not you'll enjoy oneself, because you'll find some girl on the Reeperbahn at half past midnight.
"And I'm waiting 40 past midnight Catching rain in the soda light Won't you come & call me to your window
"When you wake up in the morning, it's quarter to one And you want to have a little fun You brush your teeth, ch ch ch ch, ch ch ch ch You brush your teeth, ch ch ch ch, ch ch ch ch
